/etˈsedəra/

What coding languages are you comfortable with?
I have worked with 7 coding languages: Java, Spring, JavaScript, Jquery, Angular 6, CSS and HTML. I am also a quick learner and am passionate about coding. I love java cuz Java is open source and free. There is many document about it. I learn and research it easily. It’s because of my desire to learn that I was able to complete the project successfully. The landing page went up ahead of the deadline.

How do you keep your IT skills current?
I always read the documents about the technologies.
when I work, I try to work hard. 
It helps me increment my knowleadge.
I always support to the other about the technologies, how to fix bug, how to do the task...
If I have problem with my technical or any problem, I'll focus to work it. If I can't do it, I'll ask my leader.
My sumary is exchange with other in my team, read the documents, especially I work hard everyday.

What interests you about this position?
After I readed your JD of the Java's job, I was interest I think I adpat with the job.
With more than 5 years of the java's experience, I have developed several the projects successfully.
I'm confident that I feel that your company would greatly benefit from my skill and I would be a valuable member of the java team.

Do you prefer to manage people or ideas or technical?
I prefer the managing people
Regarding managing people While I love technology and can spend all day on coding and solving technical issues, 
I really enjoy managing people. I like the challenge it presents and motivating people to perform at their best.
I achieve this through coaching and mentoring as well as assigning the right person to the right task. I also enjoy collaborating with an innovative team of bright professionals. I found that you can learn from everybody you meet, and I am always looking for opportunities to both learn and teach.
Working with people is interesting due to the dynamics of interpersonal relationships.
At times the technical issues can be challenging and difficult to resolve. 
Knowing that there is a solution encourages me to work hard using my existing skills or learning new ones. 
Creating effective communications and technology structure is from everyone in the team helpful.

Have you worked with software vendors and how do you handle vendor relations?
i'm willing to support the other about the technical, the document, the business.
After I'm completed the function, I'll demo it with them.
If they have any problem, I'll explain it.

How do you ensure quality in your deliverables?
When I'm reading the bug, if I have a problem with the ticket, I'll message the tester that created this ticket.
After I fixed the bug in my local, I'll test it clearly and then I push the PR and add a few the colleage to review the PR.
After the bug was deployed in the UI in the QA, I'll test it if I'm free.
When preparing for deployment, I start with the planning strategies. The planing includes the PRs that I fixed and worked done.
I'll input this to the excel. After I'm done, I'll inform the team lead in the group chat. He'll deploy all the PRs in the excel file. I don't allow to push the code until deploying completed

How do you feel about Agile? Explain its benefits and drawbacks?
I have less knowledge about it
this is the process of managing the team better, easily, and clearly.

What are you weakness and strength?
strength:Accuracy
Brevity
Clarity
Creative
Determinate
Disciplined
Dedicated
Enthusiastic
Flexible
Honest
Hard-working
Negotiation Skills
Organization Skills
Patient
Trustworthy
Time-management
Team player
Quick learner
Versatile
Optimistic
Judiciousness
Excellent Communication Multitasking
Expressive
Respectful
Innovative
Attentive
Empathetic
weakness: When I complete the tasks before the deadlines I stress myself in the process.
 I'm a shy person when I join a new environment. 
 
What is your approach to handling multiple deadlines?
I'll try to code faster if I can.
I'll work overtime if the work has more
Maybe I'll assign the ticket with the other developer if the one is at leisure.

What elements are necessary for a successful team and why? 
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/success-teamwork

http://neulink.edu.vn/cau-hoi-phong-van-tieng-anh-nghe-nganh-cong-nghe-thong-tin-pho-bien/817/187.html

What coding languages are you comfortable with?
How do you keep your IT skills current?
What interests you about this position?
Do you prefer to manage people or ideas or technical?
Have you worked with software vendors and how do you handle vendor relations?
How do you ensure quality in your deliverables?
What is your approach to handling multiple deadlines?
What are you weakness and strength?